Issue #1734:Add system requirements (#81)
strongbox/strongbox-docs: docs/user-guide/getting-started.md

* Set the `JAVA_HOME` variable to point to your Java installation.
* Set the `PATH` variable to include `$JAVA_HOME/bin`.

## System requirements

> In order to build Strongbox in reasonably short times you need:
> * At least 16 GB RAM
> * An Intel i7 processor (or equivalent)
> * An SSD

Reviewer: The specs you've listed are for `building` Strongbox from sources which should be located in `docs/developer-guide/getting-started.md`. The ones below is approximately what you'd need to `run` an instance as a user (i.e. through the released `strongbox-distribution`).

```suggestion
In order to run Strongbox you need to have a machine with minimum:

* 6-8 GB RAM
* 2 cores
* Some free space.
```
(note the empty line which fixes the bullet points)
